Add EmberFest 2023 to calendar (#2089)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2023-09-21-emberfest.md

---
title: "EmberFest"
image: "/assets/images/calendar/2023-09-21-emberfest/emberfest.jpg"
location: Madrid
url: https://emberfest.eu
kind: conference
color: aqua
---

> EmberFest is the European Community Ember Conference happening in Madrid, from
> September 22nd to 23rd. If you’re looking for updates on the latest and greatest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EmberFest is the European Community Ember Conference, this year happening in Madrid, from
September 22nd to 23rd. If you’re looking for updates on the latest and greatest
```

in Ember and Glimmer this is the place to be. EmberFest is also a great
opportunity to get in touch with the European Ember Community (and friends from

> abroad) and hiring Ember talent. Like every year, we’re happy to be
> co-organizing the event!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abroad) and hiring Ember talent. Mainmatter is
co-organizing the event and our team will be in Madrid in full force!
```
